# What is Flask?
Flask is a module that we use to make our websites on python to run easier. From what I have researched Flask was apparently an April fools joke which eventually became a serious thing. Flask provides a simple yet powerful set of tools for web development making it a popular choice among developers. Flask is a Framework that out of the various different ones, is made to allow Python to be used with HTML & CSS. This makes it very unique as it allows you to insert the functionality of Python within your web applications. This means you can not have the ability for more advanced options within writing your code. Alongside that, it also allows you to use different ways to route your urls and set up your web pages However, this isn't the only thing that it's capable of as it allows you to impliment Structured Query Language into your code for the functionality of pairing up your website with a data base, allowing you to keep track of information and making the overall use of your website better.

# Difference between Flask and HTML and CSS?
HTML and CSS are used for creating the structure and style of web pages, while Flask is used for the framework of web-development. Flask is used for server-side development, handling requests and generating dynamic content on the server, while HTML and CSS are used for client-side development, defining the structure and style of web pages. While HTML/CSS are static, Flask allows for dynamic and interactive web applications by handling server-side logic and responding to client requests.Flask is based on Python, a backend language, while HTML/CSS are frontend languages for defining the structure and style of web pages.

# Issues
Issues that I have had with flask was mainly routing. Sometimes my routing wouln't work as intended on my social media app. It would send users to the wrong page when they would try and sign in. I was able to fix the issue by changing the routing in the landing page so it wasn't all that bad.

# My social media project
My Social media project is all The Sham Shack. I built it so I can have a website of my own that is fully functional like other social media apps like instagram, myspace, and even twitter. My application includes, the basic neccessities that a social media app needs. A landing lage with a sign up and login, user profile, and a way that users can post to the feed.